samples: matter: rework buttons and leds and add cluster extension (#20857)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/custom_clusters.rst

         <?xml version="1.0"?>
         <cluster>
            <domain>General</domain>
            <name>MyNewCluster</name>
            <code>0xFFF1FC01</code>
            <define>MY_NEW_CLUSTER</define>
            <description>The MyNewCluster cluster showcases a cluster manufacturer extensions</description>
            <attribute side="server" code="0x00" define="MY_ATTRIBUTE" type="boolean" writable="true" default="false" optional="false">MyAttribute</attribute>
            <command source="client" code="0x02" name="MyCommand" response="MyCommandResponse" optional="false">
               <description>Command that takes two uint8 arguments and returns their sum.</description>
               <arg name="arg1" type="int8u"/>
               <arg name="arg2" type="int8u"/>
            </command>
            <event source="server" code="0x01" name="MyEvent" optional="false">
               <description>Event that is generated by the server.</description>
               <arg name="arg1" type="int8u"/>
            </event>
         </cluster>

   .. tab:: ``<cluster>``

>       ``<clusterExtension>`` defines the extension of an existing cluster and consist of the following attributes:

Reviewer: hmm, it doesn't consist of attributes only. Maybe somehow rewrite this sentence because we actually use the "attribute" term below?

>       * ``code`` - A 32-bit identifier for the existing cluster, that should be extended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * ``code`` - A 32-bit identifier for the existing cluster, that will be extended.
```
?

      * ``<attribute>`` - An attribute definition within the cluster.

         * ``side`` - Specifies whether the attribute is on the client or server side.
         * ``code`` - A unique identifier for the attribute within the cluster.
         * ``define`` - The C++ preprocessor macro name for the attribute, typically in uppercase with words separated by underscores.
         * ``type`` - The data type of the attribute.
         * ``entryType`` - The data type of array elements if the attribute is an array.

>          * ``writable`` - Indicates whether the attribute can be written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * ``writable`` - Indicates whether the attribute can be written by a Matter controller.
```

         * ``source`` - Specifies whether the command originates from the client or server.
         * ``code`` - A unique identifier for the command within the cluster.
         * ``name`` - The name of the command.
         * ``optional`` - Indicates whether the command is optional.
         * ``disableDefaultResponse`` - Indicates whether the default response to the command is disabled.
         * ``response`` - The name of the response command, if any.
         * ``description`` - A brief description of the command's purpose and functionality.
         * ``arg`` - An argument for the command, specifying its name and type.

      * ``<event>`` - An event definition within the cluster.

         * ``source`` - Specifies whether the event originates from the client or server.
         * ``code`` - A unique identifier for the event within the cluster.
         * ``name`` - The name of the event.
         * ``optional`` - Indicates whether the event is optional.
         * ``description`` - A brief description of the event's purpose and functionality.
         * ``arg`` - An argument for the event, specifying its name and type.

>       For example, the following XML code extends a Basic information cluster with one attribute, one command, and one event:

Reviewer 2: Do we need to have Basic with capital B?

Author: actually I think both B and I should be capitalized as this is cluster's name: https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/src/app/zap-templates/zcl/data-model/chip/basic-information-cluster.xml#L68
